hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !	do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !	do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?	i got my connections ! just tell me what you want and i'll even give you one ounce for free .
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !	do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?	i got my connections ! just tell me what you want and i'll even give you one ounce for free .	sounds good ! let's see , i want .
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !	do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?	i got my connections ! just tell me what you want and i'll even give you one ounce for free .	sounds good ! let's see , i want .	yeah ?
hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	some what ?	weed ! you know ? pot , ganja , mary jane some chronic !	oh , umm , no thanks .	i also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	no , i am ok , really .	come on man ! i even got dope and acid ! try some !	do you really have all of these drugs ? where do you get them from ?	i got my connections ! just tell me what you want and i'll even give you one ounce for free .	sounds good ! let's see , i want .	yeah ?	i want you to put your hands behind your head ! you are under arrest !
the taxi drivers are on strike again .	what for ?
the taxi drivers are on strike again .	what for ?	they want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .
the taxi drivers are on strike again .	what for ?	they want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .	it is really a hot potato .
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?	mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?	mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	what does that mean exactly ?
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?	mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	what does that mean exactly ?	well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?	mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	what does that mean exactly ?	well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .	what other sources of energy do you use ?
we've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	that's excellent . how have you managed that ?	mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	what does that mean exactly ?	well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .	what other sources of energy do you use ?	we don't use any fossil fuels . most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . we're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .	sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .	sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .	oh , so do i .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .	sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .	oh , so do i .	why don't we go for one now ?
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .	sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .	oh , so do i .	why don't we go for one now ?	great . we can chat while enjoying a cup there .
believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	well , people from asia to europe all enjoy tea .	right . and china is the homeland of tea .	yes , chinese people love drinking tea so much . some even claim they can't live without tea .	do you know there are several catagories of chinese tea ?	yes , i believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . any others ?	well , have you ever heard of oulong tea and compressed tea ?	oh , yeah . oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	you surely know a lot about chinese tea .	sure , i like drinking tea at teahouses .	oh , so do i .	why don't we go for one now ?	great . we can chat while enjoying a cup there .	let's go !
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?	i don't try to lead people . i'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?	i don't try to lead people . i'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	do you think you can make yourself easily understood in english ?
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?	i don't try to lead people . i'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	do you think you can make yourself easily understood in english ?	yes , in most circumstances .
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?	i don't try to lead people . i'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	do you think you can make yourself easily understood in english ?	yes , in most circumstances .	are you available for travel ?
what are your personal weaknesses ?	i'm afraid i'm a poor talker . i'm not comfortable talking with the people whom i have just met for the first time . that is not very good for business , so i have been studying public speaking .	are you more of a leader or a follower ?	i don't try to lead people . i'd rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	do you think you can make yourself easily understood in english ?	yes , in most circumstances .	are you available for travel ?	yes , i like travelling . i am young , and unmarried . it's no problem for me to travel frequently .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . you haven't seen my company car , have you ?
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . you haven't seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it's longer than my car .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . you haven't seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it's longer than my car .	i think it's over five meters long . i can't remember exactly . it has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . you haven't seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it's longer than my car .	i think it's over five meters long . i can't remember exactly . it has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	wow ! that's fast ! i don't think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
how long will it take us to drive to london ?	i think it's a distance of 180 kilometers from here to london , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that's unless there is a traffic jam . it could take three hours .	you're right . we will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . you haven't seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it's longer than my car .	i think it's over five meters long . i can't remember exactly . it has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	wow ! that's fast ! i don't think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .	we can't . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?	there were a number of reasons .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?	there were a number of reasons .	what were they ?
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?	there were a number of reasons .	what were they ?	basically , you just can't drive .
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?	there were a number of reasons .	what were they ?	basically , you just can't drive .	can i have another try ?
so how did i do on my driving test ?	do you want the truth ?	of course , i do .	well , you really didn't do all that well .	how bad did i do ?	to be completely honest , you failed your test .	how ?	there were a number of reasons .	what were they ?	basically , you just can't drive .	can i have another try ?	you can take it in a couple weeks .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.	ah .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.	ah .	your throat is inflamed . and your tongue is heavily coated . you have all the symptoms of influenza .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.	ah .	your throat is inflamed . and your tongue is heavily coated . you have all the symptoms of influenza .	what am i supposed to do then ?
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.	ah .	your throat is inflamed . and your tongue is heavily coated . you have all the symptoms of influenza .	what am i supposed to do then ?	a good rest is all you need , and drink more water . i'll write you a prescription .
good morning . what's the matter with you ?	good morning , doctor . i have a terrible headache .	all right , young man . tell me how it got started .	yesterday i had a runny nose . now my nose is stuffed up . i have a sore throat . and i'm afraid i've got a temperature . i feel terrible .	don't worry , young man . lat me give you an examination . first let me take a look at your throat . open your mouth and say'ah'.	ah .	your throat is inflamed . and your tongue is heavily coated . you have all the symptoms of influenza .	what am i supposed to do then ?	a good rest is all you need , and drink more water . i'll write you a prescription .	thank you very much .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	very good , need i help you ?
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	very good , need i help you ?	no , don't need , i can do myself .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	very good , need i help you ?	no , don't need , i can do myself .	thanks . i can watch tv now .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	very good , need i help you ?	no , don't need , i can do myself .	thanks . i can watch tv now .	but you must cook that dinner next time .
my dear , what's for supper ?	red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	what about soup ?	sour-peppery soup .	which condiment do you use for ?	i'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	very good , need i help you ?	no , don't need , i can do myself .	thanks . i can watch tv now .	but you must cook that dinner next time .	okay , i'll do it next time .
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?	things are going well with me .
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?	things are going well with me .	kara , i had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this friday .
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?	things are going well with me .	kara , i had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this friday .	mike , i don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . i really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?	things are going well with me .	kara , i had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this friday .	mike , i don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . i really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .	maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .
hello , this is mike , kara .	mike ! good to hear from you . how are you ?	everything is fine , and how are you ?	things are going well with me .	kara , i had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this friday .	mike , i don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . i really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .	maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .	i can't really deal with any distractions right now , but i appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
sun-set hotel . may i help you ?	yes , i have booked a room for 24th . it's a double room .
sun-set hotel . may i help you ?	yes , i have booked a room for 24th . it's a double room .	hold on , please . let me check it for you . yes , you're right . you will keep it for 3 days .
sun-set hotel . may i help you ?	yes , i have booked a room for 24th . it's a double room .	hold on , please . let me check it for you . yes , you're right . you will keep it for 3 days .	well , now i want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
sun-set hotel . may i help you ?	yes , i have booked a room for 24th . it's a double room .	hold on , please . let me check it for you . yes , you're right . you will keep it for 3 days .	well , now i want to change the date from 24th to 28th .	ok , that shall be arranged .
are you busy tomorrow morning ?	i'm free . what's up ?
are you busy tomorrow morning ?	i'm free . what's up ?	someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .
are you busy tomorrow morning ?	i'm free . what's up ?	someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	oh , i just remembered i've got a report to write .
i'm sorry i'm so late . i had a really bad day .	it's ten after six . we're late . but dinner is at six thirty .
i'm sorry i'm so late . i had a really bad day .	it's ten after six . we're late . but dinner is at six thirty .	i know . i know . i'm really sorry . i lost my bag .
i'm sorry i'm so late . i had a really bad day .	it's ten after six . we're late . but dinner is at six thirty .	i know . i know . i'm really sorry . i lost my bag .	i'll call the lost and found office .
i'm sorry i'm so late . i had a really bad day .	it's ten after six . we're late . but dinner is at six thirty .	i know . i know . i'm really sorry . i lost my bag .	i'll call the lost and found office .	i didn't think of it . thank you . and i do apologize for being late .
nani book store . how can i help you ?	do you have the'the man and the sea'by ernest hemingway ?
nani book store . how can i help you ?	do you have the'the man and the sea'by ernest hemingway ?	yes , we have one copy left .
nani book store . how can i help you ?	do you have the'the man and the sea'by ernest hemingway ?	yes , we have one copy left .	can you hold it for me ?
